feat: rest-express-auth example (#2869)
prisma/prisma-examples: .github/readmes/typescript/rest-express-auth/README.md

# REST API with Authentication

> This example shows how to implement a **GraphQL server with TypeScript** with the following stack:

Reviewer: REST API here too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows how to implement a **REST API with TypeScript** with the following stack:
```

- [**Express**](https://expressjs.com/): Web framework for building Node.js web applications
- [**Prisma Client**](https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/components/prisma-client): Databases access (ORM)                  
- [**Prisma Migrate**](https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/components/prisma-migrate): Database migrations               
- [**SQLite**](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html): Local, file-based SQL database

## Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)

> - [Using the GraphQL API](#using-the-rest-api)

Reviewer: REST API here 😅

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Using the REST API](#using-the-rest-api)
```
